from zero to the trader [music] in 30
days. The last message related to this
series is one strategy is not enough
because the goal is not
>> [music]
>> identifying one working strategy but
leveraging the speed and the power of
your computer to create and to run a
portfolio of uncorrelated strategies.
[music]
This is the only way to maximize the
probabilities of being profitable month
after [music] month. Right now we have a
long trend following strategy. The next
one could be a short only [music] trend
following strategy or a counter trend.
This will put you in a position of
taking advantage of uptrends, [music]
downtrends, and reverting markets. So
right now it's just a matter of
repeating the process and finding the
right balance across all your
strategies.